alo bracelet with these guys I love
every one of them are all great help all
right great friends great fans they love
racing they come here on their own
dollar they come here to have fun with
the rest of us and that's why I love
being here my name's got a lot of
wonderful option for guys this mormon
sportsman class with late-model horse
ball really is it's really a drivers
class I like the challenge of the cars
because it's not a true late model it's
hard to drive it's got a little bigger
Morgan it really needs for the tire
we're on so it's a handful to drive and
it's a challenge and it's just a good
group of guys that want to race you know
you got a lot of competition you got a
lot of guys that raise the series for so
long and you know coming in here and
being able to win and all the
competition if you're good in the mid am
series then you know maybe this could
lead to like a super late mile ride and
you know it's just a competition if
these guys reason because they like to
race their blue-collar series they work
all week and they play hard when they
come and race and the that's the way it
used to be most of our all working class
guys I think that they got a lot of
money to come down to race there you
know coming down just have some fun
spend as little money as they can and
you know we all share in fact you're
trying to help Scott enol all right now
and we all help each other that's the
best thing about it yeah we raised close
we may bump and shove a little bit but
we all respect each other on the race
track of these short track racing is not
a perfect non-contact sport there is a
little doughnut loving here and there
but we all know not to cross the line
unless something breaks or happens it
makes you a lot more comfortable when
you come to race when you know that the
people you're going to be around are
going to respect you and that you're
going to respect them they're gonna race
hard but it's going to be clean and you
really
don't have to worry too much about
tearing your stuff up unless something
you know uncharacteristic happens
everybody here if a person has trouble
they come and offer help or if they have
a part that that they have that you need
it's yours to get you going and I
haven't seen that since the 70s when we
raced camaraderie I mean all the guys
here that are the best you know all nice
to you I mean we pulled six hours up
here in lisle offered us his shop if
something happens tonight so when you're
ready for Marshfield and she's everybody
so nice and treats you well that's what
keeps me coming back I feel like ever
since the first race everyone was so
helpful and it was easy to jump into it
unlike other racing everyone was coming
over asking if we needed help no one was
turning their backs to us so they
welcomed us very nicely all the racers
is like another family for me in fact I
probably close to this family that I'm
the my family at home I see him every
weekend and got to develop a lot of
friends through the years and it's a
good time with them the people in the
series there a lot of fun to be around
there a lot of fun just away from the
track even like their peak guys you can
go just hang out with and have fun with
and talk to you know there's nobody that
really hates anybody in a series
whenever we travel everyone is willing
to help everybody if you have a problem
there's ten guys around your car saying
what do you need what can I get what can
I do I wrote America I got a flat tire
and there was guys I didn't even know
that helped me change the tire to get
back on the track and besides that it's
a pretty reasonably priced division
compared to a lot of the other touring
divisions out there you don't see a lot
of change in the car that
you know it's constantly costing you
money to update it and if the cars that
race now are pretty much the same as
they were when the series started with
our mid-america car we start with a
stock frame metric chess metric stub
metric frame basically right out of the
junkyard and that is the the big
difference the stack mounting points are
all used in the steering and the
suspension components they're fun cars
to drive for what they cost you get a
lot of racing for your block compared to
say late model that's quite a bit more
expensive there's more upkeep these are
you know still about half stock
suspension on them so not too many
adjustments that you can do to us all
it's just a matter of getting it set up
the best you can and drive the wheels
off of it the Mid American Stock Car
Series is the most versatile series in
the Midwest maybe in the entire country
we race on short little asphalt tracks
like Rockford Speedway go to big tracks
like Madison International Speedway so
there's a little bit of something for
everybody and it really tests the mettle
of these drivers to see who's really on
top of their game and who not quite up
to par needs a little bit more
experience the traveling is a big part
of it a lot of travel time on a travel
expense but I've been traveling since
1999 I'd love to travel I grew up with
my dad we were traveling with bath
shower going to different sa races
article races whatever so I liked the
travel part of it I like to drive at
home I like to go on to see different
racetracks different people different
fans my wife and I emphasize strongly
the character of the series and take
pride in in that
of course we can't get in the cars and
drive them farm but we do emphasize it
and it does i think we've reaped the
rewards for that and I think the drivers
have briefly Ward's also they do good
promoting a lake one cars you get to
nice third mile some halves that are
competitive that most guys can race on
and afford it and yeah they're good
we'll get in sponsors and good good
group of people Duncan Julie are great
people they're probably the biggest
reason why there are so many cars here
they've got to the attitude and
personality that people like to see like
to hang out with like to come to support
so that's a big help for them for us the
biggest thing is just keeping racing
clean keep it in good real close race
and that's what the fans want to see if
they see a good race they're going to
come back and they're going to tell
their friends they'll tell their friends
so hopefully that keeps us going and to
put it all together we're for one year
we can beat people like James Swan and
Bill pretzel and mark floor Brian Bach
and these guys are all my friends and we
raised hard but we help one another and
it's like one big family and I'm just
proud to be in the mid em series it's
it's probably the best series going
right now
you